As of now, we have created a neural network that seems to make predicitions of a player fantasy points around 50% of the time. 

In order to increae the capabilities of these predictions, I believe we will need to do the following to acheive signficant results 
    1. Increase the number of model parameters (i.e features)
    2. Incresase the amount of training data (scrape data for multiple years)


Increasing Number of Model Parameters: 
    - There is a number of different model parameters we can utilize as efficient way to increase the predictiability of our model 
        1. Weather (account for the weather in the stadium location they are playing at) 
        2. Open Roof / Closed Roof (whether the weather will be a problem or not)
        3. Injuries (whether the current player is injured or dealing with an injury, whether the defensive team they are placing have injuries to good players, key teamates missing like WR QB missing)
        4. Avg Fantasy Points (so far this season ... i.e week 2 should only take account week 1 fpts, week 3 only accounts for week 1 & 2, etc)
        5. Accounting for the cost of each betting line (i.e if player is favored for their over line OR not)
        6. Historical performances (i.e if player played last season, avg # of fantasy points scored)
        7. Spot in the depth chart (1st or 2nd string)
        8. Number of rest days since last game 
        9. Usage rage (% of teams total touches)
        10. Teams time of possesion (i.e how much their team typically holds ball for a game)
        11. Players avg touches (i.e avg numbner of rushes, avg number of receptions, avg num of targets) 
        12. Red zone usgae 
        13. Rushing efficientcy (YPC, broken tackels, etc)
        14. QB play (if WR, it matters)
        . Features that we engineer (i.e interaction between multiple features)


Increasing Amount of Training Data:
    - In order to increase the amount of training data, we will need to scrape infromation from previous years instead of jsut the 2024-2025 season.
      Certainin steps should be taken in order to alleiviuate the time spent in this effort 
        1. Optimize method of scraping pfr data (timeout for making too many requests causes the scraping process to take extremely long) 
        2. Fetch corresponding team and player props for each corresponding week 
        
